backend:            pgf
figure.figsize:     5.45, 3.37


text.usetex:        true
text.latex.unicode: true
text.color:         black
pgf.rcfonts:        false
pgf.texsystem:      lualatex
pgf.preamble:       \input{mplheader.tex}
font.size:          11
legend.fontsize:    11
xtick.labelsize:    9
ytick.labelsize:    9
font.family:        serif

axes.labelcolor:    black
xtick.color:        black
ytick.color:        black

lines.linewidth: 1
patch.linewidth: 1

patch.facecolor: 348ABD  # blue
patch.edgecolor: EEEEEE
patch.antialiased: True

axes.facecolor: E5E5E5
axes.edgecolor: white
axes.linewidth: 1
axes.grid: True
axes.axisbelow: True
axes.prop_cycle: cycler('color', ['E24A33', '348ABD', '988ED5', '777777', 'FBC15E', '8EBA42', 'FFB5B8'])

xtick.direction: out
ytick.direction: out

grid.color: white
grid.linestyle: -
figure.facecolor: white
figure.edgecolor: 0.50
